Hansel minutes.com. It's Hansel minutes.
Oh, weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number three 84. Recorded live
Thursday, August eight, 2013. Support
for Hansel minutes is provided
by teller. Offering the best
in developer tools and support
online@telerikdotcomandbyfranklins.net makers of gesture pack
a powerful gesture, recording and
recognition system for Microsoft connect
for windows developers details@gesturepak.com. In
this episode, Scott talks with
Dino villain about Python tools
for visual studio. Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman. This is
another episode of Hansel minutes.
And on the phone I've
got Dino Vieland from Microsoft.
How's it going? Good. How
are you doing Scott? Very
well. You have been doing
Python at Microsoft, like as
a full time job. You're
a dev for how many
years? It's been about seven
so far. So why does
Microsoft have a Python person
on staff and how are
they letting you do this
for seven years? Well, it
started with iron Python, which
was an effort to get
Python running on.net. And, you
know, there was a lot
of interest in.net and there
wasn't a really great scripting
story for.net. So Jim Hugin
started off initially trying to
prove that.net wasn't a good
platform for doing dynamic languages
and ended up proving the
opposite. So shortly after doing
that, he came and joined
Microsoft and I was on
the CLR team at that
point in time. And shortly
after he joined, I switched
to iron Python, which was
also being incubated inside of
the CLR team. And that
was my first experience with
Python. And so I got
to learn it by implementing
it and it was a
lot of fun. And so
I've stuck with it since
then. And one form or
another, were you a Python
fan like before? No, I
was actually scared away by
the significant white space, which
is really not an issue
at all. That that was
your, that was your fear,
like of all the things
you could be afraid of.
It was white space. Yeah.
I mean, it, it just
seemed kind of crazy to
me at the time and
you know, that was just
my own ignorance. You know,
I was very used to
the squiggly brackets in my
code and you know what,
you know, this is crazy,
you know, it's all based
off on white space. And
so I just, I never
really gave it the time
of day, but it seemed
really interesting from a language
implementation perspective. And that's what
drew drew me to it
initially. And you know, and
now The, the team is
pretty small though, right? Like
there's not a lot of
people over there. Right. So
I'm working on PTVs today.
We have four developers in
two testers and 1:00 PM. So
it's not a big team.
And we actually split our
time between PTVs and some
other efforts that we occasionally
work on Do. So, I
mean, is this under, like,
I want to get a
sense of this, right? Like,
is this under the radar?
Are you guys doing something
you shouldn't be doing and
just no one has noticed
yet? No. I mean, our
management is aware of what
we're doing and we try
to tie in what we're
doing into our overall efforts.
So it's not a complete
skunkworks project or anything like
that. They support us. And,
you know, in return we
try to support their efforts
too. But give me some
historical context, because I remember
that like when John Lamb and
the DLR folks were all
off doing dynamic language one
time, there was this kind
of like excitement around iron
Ruby and iron Python. Yeah.
And, and then, and then
this is what people would
say, and I'm kind of
speaking for the public, like,
and then Microsoft killed them
all and declared these languages
suck and will never support
them and then fired everyone.
And the team was disbanded
and cut into small pieces.
Well, we didn't Entirely kill
them. It's more like we
release them to a farm
upstate, right. We worked with
the community and we got
several key players involved and
we handed off iron Python
and iron Ruby to the
community in a way that,
you know, they continue to
evolve. Iron Python in particular,
saw a huge amount of
immediate benefit when we released
it, because there was a
bunch of stuff we weren't
taking contributions back to the
project. Cause there's always this
concern of what we might
want to ship it in
the box somewhere. And people
were nervous about that. And
so there was a bunch
of pent up work that
could easily just flow into
the project. So it, it
saw a bunch of immediate
benefits. What's the, what's the
difference though, between like releasing
it to open source because
we want to kill it
and just throw it over
the wall versus like making
it open source and having
it continue because it seems
to me and do correct
me if I'm wrong. That
iron Python is, is doing
pretty well. It's quite healthy.
And iron Ruby though is
kind of chilling. It's not
really doing much. Yeah. It
that, No, it definitely didn't
get quite the same amount
of interest in it. I
think that is just kind
of iron Python was a
little more mature. Iron Ruby
is also, you know, Ruby
is a more challenging language
in itself. So while iron
Python, you know, it showed
some great performance benefits over
C Python, Ruby, that was
always more challenging so that
might've had something to, with
it as well. And there's
just the fact, you know,
I think Python probably gets
more broad adoption than Ruby
does as well. It's used
in a bunch of different
areas, whether it's web development,
which Ruby shares or whether
it's technical computing or any
other number of areas where
people are actively doing Python
development. And there's a huge
amount of libraries for those
other areas. So I think
it's just a little more
mature than Ruby and that
probably helped it out as
well. But you know, they
both, to a certain extent,
suffered a little bit longer
term, you know, it helps
when you have people who
are working full time on
them and there's, there's no
substitute for that. So there
was pluses and minuses. I
think the nice thing about
it is that it Really
changed The way that Microsoft
focused on Python. And so
we are very focused about
taking Python and getting it
running on.net, which is on
our platform. And that's interesting
to a lot of people,
but if you look at
what the bulk of Python
developers are using, it's actually
C Python. And so kind
of moving to see Python
and embracing the Python developers
where they're at. I think
that was, you know, despite
the hecticness, the hectic ness
of having your project canceled,
I think it's a good
longterm outcome. So when you
say canceled, that means that
Microsoft was no longer going
to pay people full time
to work on, on iron
Python, on iron Ruby. Yes.
Instead you're saying that they
wanted to see if they
would kind of exist on
their own. And the Ruby
community was just like, eh,
don't really want Ruby on
the CLR. So, So I
wouldn't say that Microsoft really
wanted to see if they
would exist on their own.
That wasn't really the reasoning,
right? The reasoning was all
about resources and where do
we want to allocate our
resources? And so it happened
that the team that I
was on, they were feeling
a bit of a crunch
resource wise. And so it
was kind of what goes,
and it wasn't like that
team then picked up and
started doing other Python development.
I actually went and joined
another team, the start R
Python tools for visual studio
effort. So it was interesting
for me because I actually
got to take my code
base from iron Python and
move significant parts of it
over. We were already working
on visual studio tooling, so
that moved over and I
got to take my code
base and go join a
new team after having my
job eliminated. Oh, wow. Yeah.
So iron Ruby is in
the community right now, but
it's just kind of not
doing anything. Right. So like,
I wouldn't want to bet
my whole company on iron
Ruby. I wouldn't Your whole
company on it, but there
are still people contributing to
it in particular Tomas, who
was the lead developer on
iron. He still contributes to
it. He's working on things
like you getting it running
on windows, phone eight and
other platforms like that. So,
Yeah. So that means I
might want to use that
for scripting or integrating existing
Ruby code with stuff that
I'm doing and.net. Yep. Yeah.
And in fact, I think
iron Ruby is further along
in its support for the
different profiles I'm running on
windows phone, running on windows
eight, then iron Python is
actually, and that's due to
his efforts. Okay. That's pretty
cool. Yeah. Okay. Now, when
I look at the iron
Python code Plex page, iron
python.covid.com, it says current version
two 73, and it has
a date of 2012, which
might lead someone to say,
Oh, that's that's dead or
done or on pause. But
if I go to Python
tools for visual studio, which
is PI tools.co Plex, it's
like a hotbed of activity.
What is the difference between
those two things? So iron
Python does have a more
recent release, but it's a
beta release. So 2.7 0.4
beta is available, but you're
just not going to see
it on the main site
as the prominent download. There's
also iron pythons activity. If
you look at code Plex,
you're not going to see
a lot of activity there
because it's actually all hosted
on GitHub. So when we
released the languages before they
were in silos where iron
Python source code was hosted
on code Plex and Ruby's
was over on get hub.
But internally we're all in
one source repo. And we
would push out to the
various places, the things that
we needed. And we knew
that wasn't going to work
for the community because there
were shared components between them
and they needed to be
developed together. So when that
went out, everything moved to
get hub, as far as
source control goes. So you
can see some actual activity
going on there, PI tools.
On the other hand, you
know, we do have four
full time developers working on
it. And so there is
a lot of activity on
PI tools and we host
the entire thing on code
Plex. So you'll see our
source commits and our issue
tracker and it's all there.
So you're going to see
a lot of activity there.
As we, during our releases,
we will not be pushing
sources very often, but as
we get more and more
stable, we just start pushing
individual bug fixes. And we're
about to turn the corner
there. And so you can
go to our source code
tab and you'll see commits
basically every single day. And
so it, yes, it does
look very active To explain
it to me as an
ignorant person who used Python
in school, the difference between
C Python and then iron
Python. I can spend a
bit of the podcast at
the beginning here. We're talking
about iron, this and iron
that these are all implementations
of languages on.net, but see
Python is what Python program
is used. So it seems
like Python tools supports multiple
engines. It's like, plugable explain
the differences. Yeah. So iron
Python is the version that's
running on dotnet and C
Python is not surprisingly the
original version that is implemented
in C there's, other implementation.
So there's implementation called PI,
which is Python. That's actually
implemented in Python. And that
might sound completely crazy, but
they have this entire tool
chain, which actually produces a
G compiled Python implementation that
is implemented in Python. So
you can take that implementation.
You can run it just
as a Python script, or
you can go through this
massive compilation process and get
this runtime that is super,
super fast and specializes code
like crazy and PI even
there's other languages that run
on top of it now
as well. There's Jonathan, which
is yet another implementation, which
is Python running on Java.
That was also done by
Jim Hugans originally. And it
was originally called J Python
back then. So there's a
bunch of different implementations. They
all kind of have their
sweet spots, right? So R
and Python and Jonathan, you
know, they're great for integrating
with your runtime environment. If
you're a Java or C
sharp developer for extending those
environments, letting your users script
your application, things like that.
See Python also gets embedded
in applications a lot, you
know, civilization for had a
huge amount of scripting code
that was written all in
Python, even though the core
app was written in C
plus plus, and you can
do there's various like boost
bindings to call into Python
easily. Not that it's very
difficult to do it just
from see by hand. And
then PI is kind of
for speed fanatics, where they
need to get every single
bit of performance out, but
it's also still a little
more experimental than the other
implementation. So we support all
of these in Python tools
for visual studio, we have
our own parser and we
typically talk to a Python
implementation just over socket, right?
So our debugger, it's very
easy to implement a debugger
and pure Python itself that
is intercepting the function calls,
and you can stop execution
for a while. And so
there's just standard APIs that
support that. And so our
debugger is written in Python
and we communicate over, we
communicate with Python process over
socket. So if your Python
implementation supports system set, trace,
our debugger can debug you.
There are some features that
we kind of specialize. So
we have profiling support that
is C Python specific just
because we have a instrumented
profiler and we want it
to be as fast as
possible. So we're talking to
the C API directly. And,
but, you know, we have
our own parser. We analyze
the code all without executing
code. We have a rebel
window and it works the
same way as the debugger
does. And that we've just
talking to a Python process
over socket and sending information
back and forth. So we're
very Python, interpreter agnostic, and
you could just bring whatever
Python interpreter you have and
use it. I, yeah, it's
interesting. There's a, there's a
little Python interpreter's toolbox and
visual studio that lists all
the different ones and you
can switch back and forth
and make them to default.
It's almost like just to
put it in the context
of people who've never done
anything like this before. Imagine
if you could plug in
different CLRs. If there was
more than just the main
CLR and mano there's like
five or six, and people
were just bringing out different
ones all the time, and
you might pick and choose
a runtime interpreter as just
like you pick and choose
a pair of pants. Yup.
And, you know, if you're
targeting multiple Python versions that,
you know, it starts to
become very useful to be
able to switch between those
quickly and easily and, you
know, make sure that your
code's working on Python two
seven, and then switch over
to three, three and make
sure it works there as
well. And, and the, that
new interpreters window is new
in 2.0, and we also
have virtual environments, which are
new, and that's even, that's
kind of like the same
concept, but on steroids, where
instead of just having these
core interpreters that are installed,
you can do all sorts
of customizations on top of
them and have different sets
of libraries that are available
in different interpreters. And how
did you guys pull this
off though? It's just a
small group of people. That's
the thing I'm kind of
trying to get my head
around. There's how many, how
many people worked on this?
So this project actually has
a very long history. You
know, it came out of
iron Python when we were
working on iron Python tools
for visual studio, but the
code base has pieces that
go back for a pretty
long time. So in 2005,
the vs SDK team used
iron Python as a sample
in the vs SDK. So
that's kind of the very
first piece of visual studio
integration that ever happened. Then
after that, you know, and
that kept gait getting updated
along the way. At some
point, there was a project
that we called Nessie, which
was using the visual studio
2010 editor bits, which hadn't
shipped yet. They were, that
was yet another internal project
that was before it got
into visual studio. And we
were trying to do a
standalone IDE with that stuff
where we were using the
editor bits and plugging it
into Python. And so some
stuff survived out of that
effort. Later, we had an
effort called Boston where again,
we were kind of using
those same vs editor bits,
but we're actually trying to
do all of the coding
in Python itself and iron
Python. So we were hosting
the vs editor in this
Python app that was written
in Python. So trying to
build a Python ID entirely
in Python. And that's kind
of when our analysis engine
initially got wrote, and there
was a, yet another effort
to plug into vs 2008,
at one point, which we
called iron studio. And we
were actually looking at doing
a, both iron Python and
iron Ruby at the same
time. And so we built
upon what's called MPF proj,
which is the project system
that everyone builds upon when
they're doing visual studio development
and they want to plug
in a language. And there's
a bunch of common stuff
shared between the two and
a bunch of that code
continues to live on. So
there, and then we did
iron Python studio finally, and
that saw the light of
day. We released it at
PICA. And I want to
say four years ago, so
you can see that's a
pretty long history already. And
then after our and Python
was canceled, we started Python
tools for visual studio. And
so that kind of sucked
in all of these assets
that had been building up
over a very long period
of time. And so I
was initially the only developer
on that. And then eventually
we got a tester and
the team has been growing.
And you know, now with
four people and a very
solid foundation to build upon,
we're able to move pretty
quickly. What is the Python
community think about this? Like,
you know, Microsoft, you know,
I, I came to work
here to help make things
better, right. And I don't
like the whole Microsoft is
evil thing. Even when our
group isn't evil and other
groups are evil, it's, you
know, it's frustrating. But when
you, when you go on
stage at a Python conference
and you go, Hey, this
and that, and the other
thing are they like, Oh,
boo, you suck. Or is
it more about the love
of the language? So the
Python community has been nothing
but supporting throughout my entire
time that I've been working
with Python at Microsoft. You
know, I go to pike
con every single year. I
think I've only ever heard,
you know, one sort of
spiteful comment to my face.
Maybe everything gets said behind
my face, but they're very
embracing, you know, we are
supporting the language and we
are not going out and
tinkering with it and doing
evil, even with iron Python,
we are very careful to
make sure that what we're
doing with the language was
the right thing and that
we weren't embracing it and
extending it. I think there's
only one language difference in
iron Python versus C Python,
which is you can do
food dot none. And in
C Python, nuns, keyword, and
in dotnet none as used
in  all the time.
And so it was just
a compromise where, okay, we'll
let this one little edge
case slide through so that
people can use.net in a
reasonable way. And other than
that, we were super true
to the language. And, you
know, we would work with
the C Python test suites.
We would write our own
test suites when they were
inadequate and, you know, we
just wanted it to be,
we just wanted to nail
it. And I think people
recognize that. And with Python
tools, for visual studio, there's
obviously less of a corrupting
influence that's possible because we're
just kind of consuming the
language. But you know, at
the same time we try
to take it to new
places. And I think people
appreciate that. Yeah. One of
the things that I was
a little surprised about, and
I think you should talk
about is when, when you
hear about stuff like this,
you assume that because the
non express skew version of
visual studio is the only
one that supports extensions, that
this would require pro or
ultimate, but you're actually not
using express pro or ultimate.
You're using something called via
shell. Well, you can use
the sh the integrated shell.
You can also plug into
pro and ultimate and there's
benefits to that too. But
the integrated shell, we ship
that for free. It's a
little confusing. There's something called
the isolated shell and the
integrated shell. And in order
to install the full shell,
you have to first install
the isolated shell and then
install the integrated shell on
top of it. And then
you can go off and
install whatever plugins you want.
But basically it's a blank
canvas of vs has no
built in language support. So
there's no project types when
you start off. But once
you drop in other plugins,
you can start doing all
of your development with, At
that point, you described a
list of things that sounded
complicated, but I'm looking at
the PI tools website. And
it says, I don't have
VAs, and I want free
Python. There's one thing to
install. Yeah. So we made
that really simple in this
release. In the past, we
told people to go off
and install a, B, C,
and then you have everything
you want. And with this
release, we now have the
integrated installer that just brings
that it has everything in
it. It's a 400 megabyte
download, but you can just
save that and install it.
And, and you've got Python
tools for visual studio for
free. That's pretty, that's pretty
crazy. Is there like a
boss who will say no
at some point, like why
don't we charge people at
$99? So there are advantages
to going to pro, and
those are kind of the
same advantages that you see
with going to pro with
other languages. So VAs has
some features that don't ship
with the integrated shell and
those include unit testing, which
we just added support for.
And PTVs 2.0 and, and
profiling is also not available.
And then there's also just
kind of the mixed language
scenario. I think a lot
of people want to do
with Python as well. If
you're doing some technical computing
scenarios frequently, you're going to
have to drop down to
writing some C code. If
you're doing C Python, if
you're a.net developer, typically you're
interfacing with some C-sharp code.
And so getting a solution
where you can work with
multiple language types, that's just
not possible with the integrated
shell, because we don't ship
a C plus plus plugin
for the integrated shell or
C-sharp plugin. And now we
have mixed mode debugging, which
kind of makes this even
more compelling. So if you
have a C app, a
C plugin for your Python
code, you can create a
solution in visual studio. You
can have your a C
extension module in there and
your Python code in there,
and you can start debugging.
You can just step from
your Python code to your
C plus plus code or
vice versa. So there are
some really compelling scenarios when
you upgrade to pro, I
have to admit I've done
C and C plus plus
I've done Pascal. I've never
written Python for money, but
the extent of my mixed
mode debugging skills has been
in by mixed mode. I
mean, doing more than one
language in one solution was
a Pascal calling C back
in, you know, 20 years
ago. But when I explained
this mixed mode debugging, some
people were freaking out like,
they're like, this is the
most compelling thing ever. Who
are these people who would
care about that? So lots
of people need to get
every bit of performance out
of their Python code. That's
possible. So they'll start off,
they'll be prototyping their code
in Python initially, and they'll
figure out the right algorithm.
And then they'll want to
rewrite a portion of that
algorithm. You know, the inner
loop in C codes that
they can avoid things like
boxing. So in Python, every
single integer that you allocate
is an object and it
involves a memory allocation. And
so if you're doing a
tight loop, things like that
are pretty slow. So mixed
mode debugging lets you are
C plus writing C extensions,
lets you rip out some
of the Python code and
make the slow parts really,
really fast. And that that's
been encapsulated for a lot
of things. There's libraries like
numb PI and side PI,
which have a huge number
of algorithms, things with, you
know, matrix CS and other
things. There's lots of graphics,
libraries that are out there.
And so if you're working,
if you're just consuming the
library, you know, it's probably
not too interesting to you,
but if you're actually developing
one of these libraries, the
ability to look at both
sides of the world and
just step from one to
the other, you know, it's
not, I'm debugging my C
code and I, you know,
figured out what's going on
there. And so now I
have to stop and restart
and build up all of
my context again and then
go and work on my
Python code a little bit.
You're not bouncing back and
forth between those two worlds.
You're just in both of
them at the same time.
This is blow mine so
much though. Like, is this
really hard or not a
common thing or are most
people who are doing kind
of work and aren't using
Python tools? Are they just
like doing God here, debugging
with like debug dot log?
All of those things are
true. I think so a
it's it is really hard.
You know, the CLR has
had mixed mode debugging with
C plus plus and C
sharp for a very long
time, but it's not perfect.
The way it's implemented the
CLR has this debugger helper
thread that's running in its
process, that's there and being
used to help do your
debugging operations, whereas a C
plus plus to bugger typically
wants to stop your entire
application. And while it's stopped,
it can poke around at
data structures, but code's not
running inside of it. And
so the helper thread is
working against that. Python. Our
debugger works the exact same
way. We have a helper
thread that's running. So the
first thing that you have
to solve is how do
you debug your runtime environment
without having any code running
inside of it? And so
that is a difficult thing
to do alone. And in
Python it's really difficult because
almost every single debuggers implemented
in the style of having
a debugger helper thread. And
so, you know, we have
to go off and look
at tons of debugging, symbols
for Python and drill through
the data structures and basically
recreate what the Python runtime
would do for us very
easily. So there's that technical
challenge. Then there's the technical
challenge that the vs debugger
team solved, which is coming
up with an architecture for
this stuff where you can
have a bunch of debuggers
that are working together and
working together nicely and they
solve that problem in vs
2012 in a very elegant
way with something that's called
Concord. I'm not sure if
there's a better public name
for that, but you know,
we talk about mixed mode,
Python and C plus plus
debugging, but you can actually
mix in a C-sharp or
Java script bugging with that
as well. And you can
have a call stack that
spans all of these different
languages and it just works
seamlessly. So that's a very
difficult problem. And you know,
people have done things where
they've taken like GDB and
they are running their program
in Python. Python has a
command line to bugger called
PDB and then you weigh
or GDB on top of
it. And you get an
experience that's similar to this,
but having it all integrated
together and having it just
look like your normal debugging
experience requires so much stuff
to come together and work
nicely. So it's a pretty
tough technical problem. And I'm
a little surprised that we
were able to pull it
off. When did visual studio
get good at this? Like,
was it 2012 or when
did we, cause I mean,
I don't know. I've been
been visual studio since 2003.
So what is that 10
years plus, and you know,
for awhile there, it got
quite a bad name and
there are still people who
feel that it's fat for
what it does. It's too
heavy. But then it seems
like in the last three
or four years, you've got
really good at making, becoming
a language factory, a place
for, for doing stuff like
this. I know that magic
Christianson's vs web essentials, he
has found the editors and
language services really flexible once
you learn the magic underneath
them. Yep. I think it's
been over, you know, starting
with 2010, I think vs
really started changing and becoming
a lot more extensible and
a lot more friendly to
people who are extending it.
So vs 2010 took a
bet on meth. And so
now you, and they took
a large bet on managed
code as well, where you
have a large number of
interfaces, which are just so
quick and easy to extend
using meth. You can just
export an interface and it
gets picked up magically and
you're not dealing with a
calm anymore, which you know,
is always painful. It's hard
to discover things. Meth can
be a little bit hard
to discover things. It's still
very interface driven, but the
API APIs are so much
simpler and cleaner and nicer.
So if you want to
go off and write a
classifier for your own content
type in visual studio, it's
pretty easy. You just implement
this. I classify our provider
and handoff classifiers to VMs
and you just walk your
text and report back the
various classifications to it and
defining new classifications is super
easy to you just implement
a, a class that has
some attributes on it basically.
And so it becomes much
more declarative and much simpler
to go off and extend.
And then there's the new
editor that got implemented in
vs 2010, the mixed mode,
debugging stuff, all got rewritten
in 2012. And it's just,
they've been building and building
more and more new, easy
to use interfaces. And if
you go back and compare
it to you, use the
term language service, and it's
kind of interesting. The language
services slowly kind of disappearing
from vs. There used to
be, you know, there's like
this, there's this language info
interface I believe it's called,
which was kind of the
heart of your language service,
not. And now that is,
it's not quite gone yet.
You know, we still implement
one of those for Python,
but all of the details
that used to be handled
by that thing are off
somewhere else. Now using much
cleaner, nicer interfaces. Well, one
last question here is what
group are you in? Like
what is, who is, who
is the boss who is
paying for Python divots? I
am in the cloud tools
team. So, you know, one
of the things that we
do with PTVs and in
general on our team is
features related to the cloud.
So a feature that I
didn't mention, I probably should
is our new support for
windows Azure websites. And PTVs
2.0, so now you can
do file new project. You
can make a Django application,
you can right. Click on
it and publish and we'll
go ahead and send it
up to windows Azure for
you, John Being a very
popular web framework for Python.
Yeah, exactly. And so, you
know, we've done other Django
integration in previous versions, we've
had cloud service support. So
you could take Django, deploy
it to a VM running
in the cloud. We've done
things like the Azure client
libraries, which let you manage
windows Azure itself. And you
can spin up VMs and
other, you know, tables and
services and you can insert
data into tables and all
of those things. So each
release, we kind of, not
only are we focused on
just making a better Python
IDE, but we're also focused
on making the ID work
really nicely with windows Azure
too. That's pretty sweet. I
am. I really appreciate you
taking the time to chat
with me today. No problem.
It's been a lot of
fun. So folks can check
this stuff out at P
Y tools dot  dot
com. I did a big
blog post on Python. PTVs
beta. All of this stuff
is, is free if you
want. And, and like Dino
said, if you've got pro
you get even more stuff.
So check it out. This
has been another episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
again next week.